docs: introduce batch requests (#3393)
fubuloubu/web3.py: docs/web3.main.rst

       'Geth/v1.4.11-stable-fed692f6/darwin/go1.7'

.. _batch_requests:

Batch Requests
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. py:method:: Web3.batch_requests()

    The JSON-RPC API allows for batch requests, meaning you can send a single request

>     that contains an array of RPC commands. Generally, this may be useful when you want

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    that contains an array of requests. Generally, this may be useful when you want
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    that contains an array of JSON-RPC objects. Generally, this may be useful when you want
```
??

Author: spec [docs](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#batch) refer to them as "request objects" so rolling with that.

Reviewer: sgtm

    to limit the number of requests you send to a node.

    You have can choose to build a batch of requests within or outside of a context manager:

    .. code-block:: python

        with w3.batch_requests() as batch:
            batch.add(w3.eth.get_block(6))
            batch.add(w3.eth.get_block(4))
            batch.add(w3.eth.get_block(2))

            responses = batch.execute()
            assert len(responses) == 3

    Using the batch object directly:

    .. code-block:: python

        batch = w3.batch_requests()
        batch.add(w3.eth.get_block(1))
        batch.add(w3.eth.get_block(2))
        responses = batch.execute()
        assert len(responses) == 2

>     Contract interactions can be included in batch requests by omitting the ``call`` method:

Reviewer: Unless you have the contract call documentation in front of you, I feel like this *omitting* can be a bit confusing. Maybe this helps a tiny bit?

```suggestion
    Contract interactions can be included in batch requests by omitting the ``call()`` method:
```

    .. code-block:: python

        batch.add(math_contract.functions.multiply7(0))

    Additionally, if you need to make multiple calls of the same function, you can add
    a mapping of the function to its arguments:

    .. code-block:: python

        batch = w3.batch_requests()
        batch.add_mapping(

>             {math_contract.functions.multiply7: [1, 2], w3.eth.get_block: [3, 4]}

Reviewer: nit: keep or leave, I feel like the formatting can be clearer as more of a block here

```suggestion
            {
                math_contract.functions.multiply7: [1, 2], 
                w3.eth.get_block: [3, 4],
            }
```
